Document multi-tenancy changes (#542)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: notification/docs/HowToRun.md

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

> ## Environment variable

Author: Now links to this are dead 😄 
for instance: `[how to run guide](./HowToRun.md#environment-variables)`

Reviewer: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/542/commits/c250367e6a21f15824b20a49509417a3d6587ebc

Notification module requires 1 environment variable to start. This environment variable name

> is `ADYEN_INTEGRATION_CONFIG` and it must contain settings as attributes in a JSON structure.

Reviewer 2: It's worth to mention that in this module it is not required to have adyen merchant account credentials.

Reviewer: It's not written in the doc that you need it. So adding such thing makes it more confusing like why suddenly the doc is mentioning adyen merchant account credentials.

```
{
  "commercetools": {
    "commercetoolsProjectKey1": {

>       "clientId": "xxx1",

Reviewer 2: same here with numeric ending or credentials

Reviewer: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/542/commits/d42f7d4081ca1c82ece8877303c4badc98ac1cb8

    "commercetoolsProjectKey1": {
      "clientId": "xxx1",
      "clientSecret": "xxx1"
    },
    "commercetoolsProjectKey2": {
      "clientId": "xxx2",
      "clientSecret": "xxx2"
      "ensureResources": false,
      "host": "https://api.us-east-2.aws.commercetools.com/"
      "authUrl": "https://auth.us-east-2.aws.commercetools.com/"
    }
  }
}
```

| Name              | Content                                                                                                                 | Required | Default value                                     |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `clientId`        | OAuth 2.0 `client_id` and can be used to obtain a token.                                                                | YES      |                                                   |
| `clientSecret`    | OAuth 2.0 `client_secret` and can be used to obtain a token.                                                            | YES      |                                                   |

> | `ensureResources` | Set to `false` to disable the creation of required resources in commercetools (e.g. interface interactions) on startup. | NO       | `true`                                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ensureResources` | Set to `false` to disable the creation of required resources in commercetools (e.g. `interfaceInteractions`) on startup. | NO       | `true`                                            |
```
